Ziyi v0.5.0 (#182)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/data-definition/drop.md

| NodeTable: User has been dropped. |
-------------------------------------
```

## IF EXISTS

> By default, kuzu throws an exception if the given table does not exist in the database. `IF EXISTS` syntax instructs kuzu do nothing when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the given table does not exist in the database, Kùzu throws an exception when you try to drop it. To avoid the exception being raised, use the `IF EXISTS` clause. This instructs Kùzu to do nothing when
```

the given table name does not exist in the database.

Example:
```sql
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS UW
```

> This query tells kuzu only drop the `UW` table when the `UW` table exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query tells Kùzu to drop the `UW` table only if it exists.
```
